---
layout: ../../components/_blogEntry.astro
blogTitle: Progress and VD
blogDate: 2.13.26

---

I had a very nice Valentine's Day this year, I got to spend time with my girlfriend and I am very happy about that. I always feel so much better when I am with them. I cant wait to treat them so sushi soon!

Besides that, lately I have begun a transition into a new kind of routine. I have started a new job, I'm getting prepared to enter university, and I am embracing my love for the color purple again. That's all important, but personally I find the last one very interesting, as I have avoided the color for a very long time for the sake of wanting to fit things into a certain aesthetic. But I am realizing that to truely express myself I need to embrace all the things I actively avoid. As those are the things that are truly me. I have a tendency be avoidant. Recently I heard someone say that if you have these issues, it is likely that you are avoiding yourself as well. I accept this as true, as the ability to even express my emotions is extremely hard for me. My friend pointed out I have a tendency to hyperanalyze myself, it is hard for me to shut my brain off. I ruminate often.

On the surface this does not seem like much of a problem, especially in an age where it feels like being able to examine and look at yourself and the things around you critically is discouraged. But this can be distructive. I would not say that ignorance is bliss, it just means that you become another persons problem. But sometimes I wonder how that feels. I feel like I should have went to school for sociology, because I think my brain is better wired for that. I am starting to suspect that I may be neurodivergent of some sort, because I feel all of the symptoms and have similar issues. But at the same time I am like, "What's the point?". Especially in a medical system that is actively hostile to Black mental health patients. I'm not tryna be told I'm bipolar or some other shit. It's a lose lose for me here, it seems. It's really all about finding a way to live with the cards you have. The typical regular brain is not doing as much processing as me everyday and dealing with chonic exhaustion. I am not anti mental health or medicine, just critcal of the western world implementation and exploit of the field. I just wanna avoid all that (see?).

Anyways, I am experimenting a lot with my music. I'm gonna start pulling from what inspires me rather than what I think "fits the aesthetic" again. I really like beats from around 2010-2016, so I am experimenting with those sounds and tying to find what resonates with me. I also want to try to reinvent these sounds somehow. I realized that so much of the media these days is extremely derivitive, I'm not even sure what identity the 2020s even has. Where are the late stage capitalism type beats?
