---
layout: ../../components/_blogEntry.astro
blogTitle: School is scary, and community
blogDate: 2.20.26

---

Yesterday I watched a bunch of motivational videos about taking art seriously, and since that is something I want to do, I will be doing that and documenting the process through video. But, I am going to have to become more comfortable with putting myself out there, a scary thought. Ultimately, it's just a skill that I have to learn just like anything else. But instead of an art challenge it is more psychological. 

<br>

I'm not sure what my first video should be about though. An introduction to the site? A beat making video? I am going to have to set a time to record it and everything. But I am going to do it, because every minute I'm not making something I feel like I am dying lowkey.

<br>

I also am connecting with my freinds, and sharing my art with them. I am glad to have a few people that are willing to listen and support me in my art journey. I also cant wait to see all the cool shit they create as well. I was really scared to ask though. I feel like it's hard to be open with my art, especially music, as it is a newer artform with me. But I think it is good, and will help me improve.

<br>

Tommorrow I am visiting colleges to tranfer to with my girlfreind. It will be grand. School doesnt overly excite me, but I am very intrested in finishing my degree and moving away from my family. I think my entire life will feel much better. My new job has been going well too, I am glad to be getting paid again. 

<br>

Well, that's all for now I suppose. I am going to draw! :3
