---
layout: ../../components/_blogEntry.astro
blogTitle: I want to restart
blogDate: 3.2.26

---

I had a really fun time this weekend. I mean, every weekend with my girlfriend is amazing, but this week I got to pick what we were going to do. We went to a petting zoo, had fresh lemonade, ate mid sushi, saw the poppy fields in bloom, and had ice cream. It was really fun and we even had Mexican food and went to the Aviation Mueseum in Santa Paula. Of course, I had a margarita to sooth me and I fell asleep watching her play games.

<br>

Recently, I updated the site to fix the color pallete. It used to be brown, but I changed it to lavender because I love that color. I also changed and expanded my aesthetic to include more colors and feel more free. I am trying to learn to embarace my artistic insticts rather than suppress them for what I think things "should" look like for feel. And I think that is why I've had to many issues with being artistic. I judge myself a lot and it's not good. I am tring to focus on just making things for myself and what I like. I have to be realistic and acknowledge myself for what I enjoy and want. Updating the site colors is apart of that, and it feels renewing.

<br>

I have to paint and make music today before I start my new job tommorrow. I am nervous about it because, I can tell this job is really gonna suck. But if things don't work out, I will just use the training and certifications I get from it and just take it to a different establishment. I just want a stable job, but I've applied for months and gotten nowhere. I'm just gonna give my best, and leave the rest for the universe I suppose. I think things will work out! No point in stressing about things I cannot change, yes?



