---
layout: ../../components/_blogEntry.astro
blogTitle: Digging deep, my mysteries
blogDate: 4.1.26

---

I've been getting really into astrology and numbers these days. I realize I have a lot of dark energy. I don't mean this in a bad way; "dark" is not a pejorative to me. I find it very beautiful, actually. I just mean, I have a lot of feelings and emotions that rest deeply inside me, and I think I want to explore this more in my art. My last painting, the cute pink one, feels to stale to me in hindsight. I dont know what it is, but whenever I go out of my way to create painting that is supposed to have "meaning", it comes out not really reflecting anything. I think this is because I am not exploring topic that interest me. Being asthetically pleasing is the most that it is, at best. It is harsh but true. Maybe I am too hard on myself. I've been told I tend to do that. I want to explore the more repressed parts of myself in my art. I think it would be very benificial. I like to have a bit of mystery apart of my life, so I cant go much more into depth about the specifics of what that is. You'd have to guess. It's very obvious. Everyone knows ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°). 

<br>

The scary part of this though, is the weirdness of it all. I am still working through the parts of myself that want to please, and when I think of ideas my mind goes: "That is too weird!" or "People might misinterpret the message here." But I need to work past that, I want to make what I want to make. I want to build my own idenity, untethered to what people think. It's truly sad, it takes so much work for me. Change and transformation is very scary, but I believe that I may find myself much better on the other end of it. It is very cute, very butterfly energy, yes. All the scary things going on in my life, I laugh in the face of anyways. This is much less scary. I'll survive.

<br>

My attempt at selling art failed a bit, no matter. I have a better idea that aligns with my nature, anyways. I feel like a true chud, I just want to be happy and live my life. Things will be okay. Life is not always about figuring out every mystery, or always learning a new skill. I love to learn so this this hard for me to say, truly. Sometimes you must lay in the bed you have made. This may give narcissist vibes, but I feel I have too much potential and talented ability to lose my way. I can follow my heart, and relax. I know things will work out for me and the people I love.


