---
layout: ../../components/_blogEntry.astro
blogTitle: I got sick, but I already was
blogDate: 4.22.26

---

I got sick this week and I passed it on to my partner. I feel bad, I totally didn't mean to do that. I'm still sneezing and my head hurts a bit. But I am relaxing, taking things step by step, and drinking as much water as possible. I have been so dehydrated lately and I am trying to get back on track. I have been consistently hitting my weekly goals which I am proud of. But there are still so many things I need to change to keep up.

<br>

For one, I have noticed that I tend to obsess over small things that do not matter. Like the presentation of my website and social media. There isn't even much to look at, but this has been something I have always done. I really like the aesthetics of things. I want it to look as nice as possible, but it is a bit unhealthy. I will constanly check on things, and try to make sure that everyhing fits the vision. I am trying to relax myself and set boundaries around things things so it does not continue to distrupt my flow. For now on, I am only allowed to edit the code on the day that I actually go in and update things. Writing down my spontaneous ideas instead of hopping to make changes that put me off track. All these things are really tricky. It is like all my mental problems fight against eachother to make sure that I make no progress at all. I cannot have that. It makes my feel utterly crazy and disoriented, like I am just some sick person. This is somethiing to explore in my art, perhaps. I should write that down now.

<br>

I am trying to rot less on Youtube, and read actual books again. Today I began reading *The Bluest Eye* by Toni Morrison. It made me feel good and relaxed. Whenever I overconsume and just watch videos all day it makes my brain feel like much. I feel it now. I forget more, and my capacity to relax is interrupted by the constant stream of others thoughts. I am to stop watching tutorials without purpose, and finding ways to postpose actually experiencing things. I want to keep my consuption for the weekends, and actual production time for the week. This is hard, but I feel my will is strong and can bear the pain. I have done this before. As all things for me, the hardest part is starting.

<br>

I think setting boundaries and having the ability to compartmentalize is truly the key. Saving things for certain times, as I said before, writing things down instead of allowing my impulses take control of me. My autisic wants this, but my ADHD brain resists it all. Striking the balance is the hard part of this. I must follow the tides of my own energy levels, and approach everyday with mindfulness. To do that, I have to cut out the noise. I find reasurrance in this though, that all the processes are interconnected and work to better or worsen eachother. This means making even the smallest of changes can make a big difference. On some butterfly effect type shit, you know? Just gotta take it one step at a time, that is the principal I must remember.




