---
layout: ../../components/_blogEntry.astro
blogTitle: No idea for the title
blogDate: 4.29.26

---

Today I learned that I have to create schedules that actually fit me rather than ones I think I want to have. It's tiring. I just want some structure in my life. I kinda feel like shit when I wake up in the morning, and my projects are still only getting done at the last minute. This is good regardless, because I am able to do things and post them. But still, I would like to streamline this much more. 

<br>

I created a basic routine by tracing my steps as I woke up, and writing them down as tasks. I get motivation from doing things; I cant for motivation to suddenly overtake me in some magical way. This makes my goals much more realistic and catered to who I really am. A stressed, extremely low energy person. I wasn't able to completely cut out watching videos, but I did so much less than I usually do.

<br>

I noticed my mindset was shifting. I began thinking much smaller, and forgeting about big goals and ideas, thankfully. It sounds very counter intuitive, but the lack of thought puts me at ease. It allows me to take my time. I have to do things one at a time. I have to relax, and forget some things. That is what I have lists for, so I do not forget.

<br>

I realized how much I hate living with my family. they are just the most annoying group of people I've ever known. Such is the case when you spend your entire life with certain people. But our personalities just dont mesh well, and I do not envy any part of thier lives in the slightest. I only say this because this environment negatively affects my output and disposition. I just feel constantly under attack, sensory wise. It's all around ugh.

<br>

But whatever. I feel I might have talked about this before but I genuinely cannot remember. Who cares, this is my art blog!





