---
layout: ../../components/_blogEntry.astro
blogTitle: Why I blog
blogDate: 4.8.26

---

Blogging is fun. Often times, when I am writing I think of this Tiktok comment that said, "Did the journal factory explode?". This was in response to another user saying they had never been loved. I find this hilarious of course, but I think it speaks to the fact that the internet, as we know it now, is full of people who have no problem divulging every secret they have onto an audience of anonymous people. 

<br>

When I am speaking on here, I am speaking specifially about my creative process and my love for the craft of making an idea into something tangible. I have my own personal journal, for only myself and my thoughts, without an audience. This is cute, this is balance. But I realize, this way of thinking has died out maybe. Not because people don't yearn for customization, control, or expression in written form. But because of the corporatization of every corner of the internet. If your someone who has never been introducted to the concept of internet privacy or control over your digital life, you are essentially being cucked by everything. Google, Meta, and Microsoft is having a foursome with you. This is crude, but just objectively true.

<br>

I'm not perfect myself. I love Youtube and Instagram. I have used Linux, but Windows has everything I need. It really sucks, honestly. But I have hope things will cycle back to the early internet days. I mean, those days weren't perfect either. But I rather have that than anything else. I seek to channel that early internet energy with the development of my website, whilst also not trying to rely of nostalia. I just want it to be cute, and do what I need it to do.


