---
layout: ../../components/_blogEntry.astro
blogTitle: I don't know
blogDate: 5.6.26

---

It's crazy to me that it is already May. It feels like things are going by extremely fast. It stresses me out a bit, it makes me feel like I am running out of time. I don't know why. I need to slow down and try to enjoy my day. I tend to sit and collect dust all day. I need to go outside but the thought of it truly scares me in some way I also cannot explain. I should be creating way more than I currently am, maybe. I don't know. I still feel like I've done some good. I was able to be consistent for a month, and even though that is a very small step, it is a huge change from what I became used to. It's okay to celebrate my wins even if they were not completely perfect. I am the type of person that will loose track of everything if I miss something by like, one minute. So this is really good. I still get in my head a bit, but I try not to let voices in my head stop me. Just because I hear something does not mean I have to internalize it. I can apply this to myself, not just other people.

<br>

I feel like I never put my actual problems in my art. I want to do that more, despite it being a vulerable thing. How I can combine that with cute juujin? I don't know, I'll figure it out. Experiment some more. I want to do some more things. I feel like I'm approaching a crossroads in my life, and truthfully I don't really like the path I feel like I have to choose. I have a disillusioned view of it, like I should just do what i want. It makes me feel a bit sick. 

<br>

My sleep schedule has been horrible, I am using a schedule to get it back on track. I have been a night owl, but when I was younger it was much easier for me to get up early and do things. I like both the sun and the moon, it's hard to choose between the two. I really want to make a video game. Even though it is my rest day, maybe I can spend my time conceptualizing something while I have the creative juice in me. I want to draw my old OCs, I feel like that would be very fun for me. 

<br>

I want my blog to feel less like a diary and more a collection of essays. I'll see how that goes.





