---
layout: ../../layouts/Post.astro
title: Self Interview
date: 6.2.26
---
**Who are you? What do you make?**

I'm Mortalmutt999. 

**What inspires you to pursue art?**

As a kid I liked fashion, anime, plushies, spirituality, and anything lavender. Much of my time was spent drawing, editing "aesthetic" images on Picsart, or playing dress up on GirlsGoGames. I liked Monster High, My Little Pony, Steven Universe, and the various furry ocs of animation meme artists online. Hentai, ecchi, and sexy media were fascinating to me; I read way too much fanfinction. I began coding cute websites and linux rices. Hours of my day would go by daydreaming about a kaleidoscopic world with loops of hiphop, pop, and R&B songs in my head. I create to transport me back to that feeling.

**Who are your biggest influences?**

Rossali, Junko Minuzo, Alexa Demie, Doja Cat, Melanie Martinez, Kali Uchis, Pinkpantheress, Grimes, and Lil Uzi Vert.

**How do you handle creative blocks?**

Much of my creative blocks surround perfectionism. I try to remind myself there is no such thing as "perfection" in art; it is about the process not the outcome; "done" is better than perfect. I log my ideas, embarace messiness, and start with the easiest things first and work my way up. Having fun is key, and I create rituals that bring that childish experimentation out of me. I like coffee and berries, the comfort of nighttime, and my kitty sleeping on my bed. I *try* to be offline as much as possible.


**How do you stay connected to the art community?**

I am an introvert, many of the artists like are people I know through the screen. But I try to get invested in creative spaces in my immediate area and groups that cater to my genreal interests outside of art.

**What keeps you motivated to continue making art?**

Not making art makes me feel physically ill.