---
title: Self Interview
---
***Who are you? What do you make?***

I'm Mortalmutt999. 

I like to draw cute furry girls.

As a kid, I spent a lot of time on the internet playing GirlsGoGames and watching Monster High webisodes. The pictures I posted on Instagram were cringe aesthetic photo edits I made in Picsart. When I did not have a phone, I read yaoi fanfiction on the Wii Internet Channel. I drew ponies because I had a horse-girl friend in elementry school. I started making websites on Neocities at in high school. Plushies still sit on my bed and I have a Shigaraki body pillow. Blogging is fun for me. 

I love all this silly stuff.

***Who are your biggest influences?***

This is hard because I like so many people. In fact, this inspires me keep track because I like to write every single thought down. These are my favorite people on the internet:

*Rossali, Lil Uzi Vert, Doja Cat ...*

I will add more onto this list as they come.

***How do you handle creative blocks?***

Oh my gosh. Perfectionism is totally my problen. It's like a bad word for me, I call it the "P" word now. I feel like I have to be perfect and make perfect things, but that is total nonsense beacause I draw furry girls and yaoi. I take everything way too serious. I go into my editing brain way to soon. It's truly a sickness.

I am trying to shake the habit. I smoke weed and work fast to make me feel like a person again. If that doesn't work I instead try to understand why it doesn't.

***What keeps you motivated to continue making art?***

Not making art makes me feel like a vampire that hasn't drank blood.